{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 # Project Title
\f0\b0 \
\
Project 4 by Carlos Gallegos\
\

\f1\b ## Tableau Public Workbook Link
\f0\b0 \
\
https://public.tableau.com/views/Project4051024/Part3_Returneditems?:language=en-US&publish=yes&:sid=&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link\
\

\f1\b ## Project Overview
\f0\b0 \
\
Analysis of Superstore by Part 1. Profit & Losses, Part 2. Advertising, Part 3. Returned Items.\
\
In the analysis of Superstore, I\'92ve established a left joint relationship between Orders and Returns. Each sheet has been carefully named, and i\'92ver created three dashboards to present my findings. To maintain clarity, I\'92ve labeled the sheets corresponding to their respective dashboard numbers, such as \'911.1, 1.2, 1.3\'92 for Dashboard 1. \
\

\f1\b ## Findings and Conclusion
\f0\b0 \
\
After analyzing data from all years, I filtered results to examine each year individually. Overall, I observed minimal changes in profits or returns, with some instances even showing increased returns compared to the average profit benchmark. Consequently, my final conclusion remains unchanged: the superstore, in its current state, is not financially viable. Notably, significant discounts were noted possibly contributing to this issue. I recommend engaging with high-return-rate customers to enhance their experience, identifying and addressing potential causes for returns. Additionally, it\'92s prudent to monitor profit fluctuations over time should we opt to continue operating the Superstore. Given the consistently low average profits and high return rates, prompt action is imperative to effect necessary changes or consider permanent closure. \
\
## Contact Information\
\
Carlos Gallegos - [carlitosgallegos@gmail.com]}